docs: GitHub background permissions syncing (#9692)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/repo/permissions.md

}
```

> >NOTE: Support for GitHub is added in 3.15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: Support for GitHub has been added in 3.15. Previously, only GitLab and Bitbucket Server were supported.
```
